Motion passes. Hey, thank you very much. Now we're moving on to item 22. Communication from Vice Mayor Richardson recommendation to request City Council approval of the 2017 federal legislative agenda as recommended by the Federal Legislation Committee. There's a motion and a second Vice Mayor. So just a few updates here we have. So we met in November on November 15th to review staff's recommended recommended changes for the 2017 federal legislative agenda. The committee made some fairly substantive changes to the agenda last year when we were reorganized and consolidated some of the statements that may have been repetitive in years past. And because we made so many, so many changes in the last update, and as the new presidential administration gets up and running, the first large committee will be focused on protecting existing revenues that the city current receive currently receives from the federal government, such as the Housing Choice Voucher Program, commonly known as Section eight, CDBG, other HUD programs. We're also going to take a look at workforce programs and supporting those as well. And our existing legislative agenda already empowers us to do that. The committee heard that, you know, the committee may have heard that there's one particular area of the of the legislative agenda, legislative agenda that could use some additional language. That's the area of violence prevention and services to stem the homeless crisis in L.A. County. And because of all of our work, our mayor, city council, city staff have done around violence prevention staff recommended that we add language in the public safety section to support federal legislation that would assist with the implementation of violence prevention programs and in the area of homeless prevention. Staff recommended that the City Council support the city, support federal assistance toward establishing substance use treatment facilities in the region. Language to support mental health services is already existing there. Our committee voted to receive a file. All of staff's recommended and recommended changes and for those to the City Council for Adoption tonight. Since our meeting in November, a number of executive orders signed by the new president make it so that we need to update an existing statement in our in our agenda supporting the expansion of dockets. Read one that reads supporting federal legislation that maintains existing allowances for undocumented immigrants to who qualify for the DOCA program to remain in the United States, as well as being as well as any legislation that protects safety and well-being of all Californians by ensuring state and local race resources are not used to support deportations, collect information about individuals or religious beliefs or affiliations that ultimately hurt California's economy. Specific to the DOCA program, we're talking about immigrants who enter the U.S. before the 16th birthday and before June 27 are currently in high school or high school graduate honorably discharged in the military under the age of 31 as of June 15, 2012, and have not been convicted of a felony, significant misdemeanor or other or three other misdemeanors otherwise pose a threat to national security. So these recommended changes come because there's been, you know, since these executive orders, a number of bills that have come out. And we wanted to make sure that our language and our letter agenda is wide and comprehensive enough to support different bills, whether it's, you know, Feinstein's bill or other other people's bills that go forward, it still maintains the intent to support the DOCA language. And so that is sort of a highlight on what we're doing tonight on the failed agenda. Thanks. Thank you, Councilmember Yuri. Councilmember Gonzales. I'll defer Gonzales first. Councilman Gonzales. Q I don't know what's going on, Mayor. I'm sorry. No. It's it's Election Day. I know. That's okay. I just want to say thank you to Diana and to Vice Mayor Richardson. And now we have Councilmember Saranga that will be joining us at our next Fed. Federal legislation relation trip. And so I think vice mayor reiterated many of the new actions that we'll be taking when we go to D.C. and also here on the dais when we're discussing Long Beach initiatives. But the things that kind of pop out in my mind, the items, of course, are immigration issues related to DOCA and the new executive order, specifically with the ban on predominantly Muslim countries environmental protections, which I know we'll have to really look a little bit more into, and then securing our major capital projects like many of the initiatives that we have citywide. I want to make sure that we're securing those and that funding is going through us as we see fit. So thank you very much for your work and I look forward to working with you all again. Thank you. Councilmember Ringo. Thank you, Mayor. It's going to be my first year on this committee and I'm looking forward to it. It's going to be quite a challenging year. Obviously, we've had a change in in our presidency and a different focus. And so I'm looking forward to advocating for the city on behalf of a Long Beach. Thank you. Councilmember Pearce. Yeah, I just want to say, you know, I took the time to read through everything on the agenda and I just it made me really proud to be a part of this council and to look at everything from immigration to gun control, violence prevention, affordable housing. A lot of the things that we aspire to do that sometimes are challenging and tough. And I know that we can't do it all, but I just really thank you for making sure that this is comprehensive and that we, despite what's happening at the federal level, are continuing to advocate and protect those that live in our communities here. So thank you. Thank you. Any public comment on this saying please cast your votes. Councilman, your anger. Motion passes.